What do you mean?
You are not madam
It's up to you to start today
Is it you?
Mr. Feng is the richest man in Haicheng
Why doesn't the lady have a name tag on her?
I don't like extravagance. Waste is fine
Shut up, I'm Brother Yan Cheng's wife
You don't believe me, do you?
I'll call him now.
Hello Yan Cheng
I don't think so.
Can you find me?
I met Mr. Feng at the annual meeting
It's really the sound of the wind
So I heard.
You have a design pavilion with a German Design Gold Award
Did I study interior design?
I want to find inspiration
Where does the electronic card live in Gott?
Are you looking for him?
Do I want you to bring it to me?
Oh the wind always comes
I have to work
If you don't give it to me, I'll tell grandma
Grandma loves me
Grandma said she would treat me as her own granddaughter
Grandma is old, don't bother him
Where are you? I'll ask Master Gott to send it to you.
I want you to send
Don't forget it.
Forget it, just Gotter
Brother Yan Cheng still has work to do
He asked Lord Gott to send it to me in a while
Gott is the celebrity around Mr. Feng
Only the wind can always call him
Madam, we shouldn't question your identity
Assistant Gott is here
I'm going to get the electronic card
Mr. Gott wouldn't call you madam